David built houses for himself in the
City of David and he prepared a place
for the Ark of God and pitched a tent
for it then David said no one may carry
the Ark of God but the Levites for the
Lord has chosen them to carry the Ark of
God and to minister before him forever
and David gathered all Israel together
at Jerusalem to bring up the Ark of the
Lord to its place which he had prepared
for it then David assembled the children
of Aaron and the Levites of the sons of
Kohath Uriel the chief and 120 of his
brethren of the sons of Merari Isaiah
the chief and two hundred and twenty of
his brethren of the sons of Gershom Joe
of the chief and 130 of his brethren of
the sons of alizarin she mayor the chief
and two hundred of his brethren of the
sons of hebron allow the chief and 80 of
his brethren of the sons of israel a
minute add the chief and 112 of his
brethren and David called fours a Dirk
and a Bartha the priests and for the
Levites for Uriel Isaiah Joel she mayor
a Lyell and a minute and you are the
heads of the fathers houses of the
Levites sanctify yourselves you and your
brethren but you may bring up the Ark of
the Lord God of Israel to the place I
have prepared for it for because you did
not do it the first time the Lord our
God broke out against us because we did
not consult him about the proper order
so the priests and the Levites
sanctified themselves to bring up the
Ark of the Lord God of Israel
and the children of the Levites pour the
Ark of God on their shoulders by its
poles as Moses had commanded according
to the word of the Lord then David spoke
to the leaders of the Levites to appoint
their brethren to be the singers
accompanied by instruments of music
stringed instruments harps and cymbals
by raising the voice with resounding joy
so the Levites appointed Heymann the son
of Joan and of his brethren
Asaph the son of berechiah and of their
brethren the sons of my ray-ray
Ethan the son of COO Shia and with them
their brethren of the second rank
Zechariah Ben jzl shamira Mothe Jehiel
an eye Eliab binaya
mayor sia mattifier eliphalet McNair
obed-edom and Jil the gatekeepers the
singers Heymann a safe and ether were to
sound the symbols of Brahms Zechariah
azl shimira Mothe Jehiel an eye
Eliab Mayer SIA and Benaiah with strings
according to a lamothe matter Thyra
eliphalet McNall obed-edom Jehiel and as
as I too direct with harps on the chemin
ahthe keneniah leader of the Levites was
instructor in charge of the music
because he was skillful Berek aya and
elkanah would doorkeepers for the ark
Shanaya joshua fought mithun el a
messiah zechariah benaiah and Eleazar
the priests were to blow the trumpets
before the Ark of God and obut Edom and
Josiah doorkeepers for the ark so David
the elders of Israel and the captains
over thousands went to bring up the Ark
of the Covenant of the Lord from the
house of obed-edom with joy and so it
was when God helped the Levites who bore
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord that
they offered seven bulls and seven Rams
David was clothed with a robe of fine
linen as were all the Levites who bore
the ark the singers and Canon hired the
music master with the singers David also
wore a linen ether
thus all Israel brought up the Ark of
the Covenant of the Lord with shouting
and with the sound of the horn with
trumpets and with cymbals making music
with stringed instruments and hearts and
it happened as the Ark of the Covenant
of the Lord came to the City of David
that Michal Saul's daughter looked
through a window and saw King David
whirling and playing music and she
despised him in her heart